#PRG IT 2015
##Lesson 8
##Nico C Rossouw
##April 23, 2015

###1 MARCH TEST EXTENSION: CREATE GUI

You are given your March test, with the haversine (distance between two points) function included.
Design an appropriate GUI. All the options must be accessed from buttons, and if the option's output is a
list, display in a table. Complete a function that will calculate the total distance travelled using the haversine
function (you should have done this in Lesson 5's Homework).

###2 MARCH TEST EXTENSION: POINTS OF INTEREST

You will see that another table has been included in the database. It contains different towns/cities (13 of
them) that might have been visited by the minitaxi. The format is:

```
Name		varhar	 	(20)		Name of the town
latitude 	real					Latitude of the town in degrees
longitude 	real 					Longitude of the town in degrees
radius 		real 					Radius (size) of the town in km
arrival 	time timestamp 			Time when the minitaxi arrived at this POI. (Null at this moment)
departure 	time timestamp			Time when the minitaxi departed from this POI. (Null at this moment)
```

####2.1 Straight distance between POIs (very easy)
From your main GUI add the option to determine the (straight) distance between two POIs (which they
can select from a list) using only their coordinates and the haversine function. Display the distances in the
following format (leave empty where an x is):
```
POI1 	POI2 			POI3 			...
POI1 	x 				x 				x		...
POI2 	distance 1 to 2 x 				x 		...
POI3 	distance 1 to 3 distance 2 to 3 x 		...
```
####2.2 ARRIVAL AND DEPARTURE TIMES

Determine the minitaxi's arrival and departure time of each POI. Remember that some POIs might not
have been visited. The following technique may be usefull (do this for every POI):

1. Start at the First trace.
2. Check whether the distance between this trace and the POI is smaller than the POI's radius. Use the
haversine function (two coordinates are the POI and the trace).
3. If the distance is larger than the radius, it has not arrived at this POI, and move on to the next trace.
4. If the distance is smaller, this is the trace where the minitaxi arrived at this POI. Save this time as
this POI's arrival time. Now you want to start checking for the departure time, so stop looking for the
distance to be smaller.
5. Continue to the next trace, and if the distanc ebetween this trace and the POI is larger than the POI
radius, this is where the minitaxi left the town. Save the time as the POI's departure time, and stop the
search through the traces.
Create a button on the GUI that will display the POI's and their respective arrival and departure times.

####2.3 DRIVING DISTANCE BETWEEN TOWNS

Add another option that will determine the distance that one has to drive between towns. Use the route that
the taxi has taken (the traces table). The distance between two towns here can be calculated as the sum of
all haversine distances of the traces between the departure time of town one and the arrival time of town two
(provided that town one was visited before town two). You might want to sort the POI's according to their
arrival (or departure) times before tackling this one.
Display the results in the same format as in 2.1.

####2.4 INTERACTING WITH GOOGLE MAPS
You can pinpoint all the POIs on a map generated by Google Maps. The following code can be used to open
the Google website in a new (default) browser window.
```
// Open Google browser
try
{
	java.awt.Desktop.getDesktop().browse(java.net.URI.create("www.google.co.za"));
}
catch (java.io.IOException e) 
{
	System.out.println(e.getMessage());
}
```
Add a button to your GUI that will open the google page in your default browser.
Now look what the following URL does if you type it into your browser:

http://maps.googleapis.com/maps/api/staticmap?center=South+Africa&zoom=6&size=800x500&maptype=roadmap&markers=color:blue|label:S|-31.88,28.70&markers=color:green|label:E|-33.92,18.85

Use this format as a guide. Pinpoint all the POIs on a map generated by Google Maps when the button
from your GUI is clicked.
